Data Types: They are needed to store different types of data. They tell a computer how it should 
handle a value.

An int for example is of 4 bytes so there are 4 * 8 = 32 bits, so range is 2^32 and first bit is reserved
for sign, the rnge becomes -2^31 to 2^31.

But if we need larger numbers we use long int which store in 64 bits that is double of that, so -2^63 to
2^63 - 1.

To store fractional data we use float (4 bytes) and double (8 bytes).

To store text we use char that store data within single quotes. It stores any single entity. It takes 1
byte (as C++ uses ASCII to store data). When we try to store a charchter in memory, the block is assigned 
the corressponding ASCII value of that charachter.

>> : Insertion Operator
<< : Extraction Operator

Say we enter higher values than the range of int, this causes integer overflow, we use higher range 
dataypes like long for this, We may use long ong if long is exceeded. Vectors can be used for still higher
numbers, no inbuild datatype can hold such big values.

Note: Not all of our memeory is free to use, we reserve some part of memeory for use in computer's processing

Preprocessing does 2 things:
1) File Inclusions using #include directive
2) Macro Expansion using #define.
Note that they are both basically the same thing.

String is a collection of charachters, it is writte in double quotation marks. Single Quote and one letter is a 
charachter.
 
"abcd" is a String.
'abcd' is invalid. (Neither charachter or string)
'#' is a charachter.
"a" is a charachter.

So, a single letter can be both a charachter and a string depending on the number of quotes.

** Anything between single quotes is a chrachter iff there is only one letter.

You may use #define with datatypes too eg:
#define int long long int

Everywhere there is int convert it to the datatype long long int
Note that here while long long int takes more space that is neglected in asymtotic notation as int is 4 byte
and long long int is 8 Byte as the factor is 2 due to it being a constant that is just eliminated due to it 
being a constant.